Modify this website design to match my github portfolio.

My name is Phelelani Mkhize. I am a Data Scientist and have a background in GIS and Geospatial

Data Analytics. I have domain in retail, urban analytics, 

market research and real estate economics as well as an interesting and fruitful side quest 

into geo-risk management where I worked as a geospatial analyst who created 

geospatial data products and solutions. I combine my domain expertise 

to build data products and solutions.

My stack includes Python, SQL, ArcGIS, ArcPy, ArcGIS Pro. ArcGIS Online.

I am an AWS Cloud Practitioner with experience on aws services leveraging EC2, EBS, EMR, S3, and RDS.

I write in python and have a focus on working with geospatial data to build spatio-temporal workflows and intelligence models.


I need it to be dynamic, fresh yet have hints of tech and strategy. 

Use the best UX/UI design principles while leveraging swiss design to make a portfolio website html file for me for my github portfolio.

I attached an image with The top bar must have the following tabs and functionality. instead of Framer the site must be Phelelani Mkhize.

The first project to add on the website is in the following repo : 

Make sure to optimize my portfolio website for search engines and include keywords in css and html files including my skillsets i.e., GIS, Geospatial Data Analytics Urban Analytics, Alternative Data Specialist, Data Scientist, Data Product Development and Market Research.

Include appropriate meta tags as well for each project.

For the links to github to view the repo of the specific project use the github icon as a link.


I havent provided links yet but you can leave the links for later.

Here is context on the first project:

The Urban DMS Intelligence will one day change the way we process applications and deal with 
illegal developments and strategically un-aligned developments.
 The nature of planning is creative and in service to the needs
 of the city - not administrative & bureaucratic as modern planning has been
  reduced to development applications and paper pushing

Insert appropriate picture, icons and inforgraphics for this website.

The second project context is as follows:

This is an advanced underwriting risk management app that is built to analyse georisk peril risk - i.e,
Flood, Sea Surge, Thatch Risk as well as leverage International Storm data to provide early warning alerts and quantify potential
policy damage in Dollars / Rands before a storm hits.

This could save insurance companies millions of rand every year by advanced AI driven underwritng!


